Privacy Policy
HUDSON'S BAY COMPANY AND YOUR PRIVACY
For over 335 years, Hudson's Bay Company has been a name that means trust. We value you as our customer and are committed to honouring the trust you've placed in us.

This is Hudson's Bay Company's Privacy Policy. It describes the steps we take to protect your personal information and how and why we collect, use, retain and disclose your personal information, whether obtained online, in our stores (including Hudson's Bay, Zellers or Home Outfitters), or through the offering and delivery of one of our services such as Hudson's Bay Credit, Hudson's Bay Rewards and Hudson's Bay Financial Services (collectively in this Privacy Policy "Hudson's Bay" "we" "us" or "our").

WHAT IS PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Personal information means any information about an identifiable individual, other than certain business contact information. This includes information such as your name, address, telephone number, birth date, payment card numbers, purchase information and e-mail address.

COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION - PROVISION OF GOODS AND SERVICES
Hudson's Bay collects, uses and discloses personal information in order to provide you with goods and services and/or information on products and services you might be interested in. We also collect, use and disclose your personal information to comply with legal and regulatory requirements and as otherwise may be permitted or required by applicable laws.

a) Collection
We collect your personal information in connection with the provision of goods and services to you, including but not limited to situations when you:

make purchases or returns in one of our retail stores or online
communicate with our customer service representatives
purchase major home fashions, e.g. appliances
create a Gift Registry with Hudson's Bay
apply for a Hudson's Bay Credit Card or a Hudson's Bay MasterCard
join the Hudson's Bay Rewards program
sign up for our eNewsletter or other communication channels
enter into a contest, promotion or survey
join our clientelling list or enroll in personal shopping
apply for insurance arranged for by Hudson's Bay Financial Services
engage with Hudson's Bay on social media
We collect personal information about you for various purposes, including to:

manage our business and to register and maintain accurate accounts for you
verify your identity for our mutual protection
verify your eligibility for, and/or to provide you with, products, services and promotions
provide you with information about our products, services and promotions (see below under “Collection, use and disclosure of your personal information - for optional purposes”)
generate statistics and aggregate reports for internal use
meet legal and regulatory requirements
In most cases we collect personal information directly from you. However, in some cases, we obtain certain personal information from other sources. Unless there is a legal exception, we will obtain your consent to collect personal information about you from other sources.

b) Use
Personal information will not be used without your consent for purposes other than those for which it was collected. From time to time, we may wish to use your personal information for new or additional purposes. We will obtain your consent to use your personal information for such new or additional purposes before doing so.

Additionally, some retailers in our stores are licensees and they may collect information from you. Unless you are advised otherwise at the time of collection, any personal information collected by these organizations is collected on behalf of Hudson’s Bay and will be used and maintained by Hudson’s Bay. These organizations will likely have their own privacy policies that will also apply to your personal information that they collect. They can furnish you with a copy of their privacy policies.

We may use your personal information in connection with the purposes for which you have provided it.

For example:

When you make purchases or returns in one of our retail stores or online:

We will use your personal information as is necessary to process your transaction, including payment and shipping, to verify your identity and address, and to administer our post-purchase survey. When making returns, you may be asked to provide personal information for fraud prevention purposes.

When you purchase major home fashions, e.g. appliances:

We will use your personal information as is necessary to ensure proper delivery of your purchase, follow up on any service matters, assist you with any manufacturer warranty claims, and to process extended warranty renewals.

When you create a Gift Registry with Hudson’s Bay:

We will use your personal information to publish your name and event date so that purchases can be made from your registry, follow up on any service matters, advise you of any fulfillment matters, allow you to track or delete items from your registry, and to manage the completion of your registry.

When you join the Hudson’s Bay Rewards program:

We will use your personal information to establish and administer your Hudson’s Bay Rewards account and/or to determine your eligibility for the program. We will also use your personal information to communicate with you about special offerings for certain accountholders, such as advance sales notices, invitations to events, and mailing of fashion guides.

When you sign up for our eNewsletter or other communication channels:

We will use your personal information to email you our eNewsletter. If you wish to unsubscribe from our eNewsletter, please click the “unsubscribe” option that appears at the bottom of every eNewsletter. If you opt in, we may use your personal information to mail you special offers and/or materials. If you sign up for Hudson’s Bay Mobile, we will use your mobile phone number to text you special offers.

When you join our clientelling list or enroll in personal shopping:

The information you provide when you join our clientelling list is collected by Hudson’s Bay to administer our clientelling program. Your information may be shared by our affiliates when you sign up for the clientelling program at certain counters. If you wish to have your name removed from our clientelling list, please contact a sales manager at the store where you provided the information. When you enroll in personal shopping, your personal information will be used to select and deliver merchandise and to process payments or returns.

When you engage with Hudson’s Bay on social media:

When you interact with us on social media, the personal information you provide may be used to determine your identity, respond to your customer service inquiries, questions or comments and take other appropriate actions in response to your inquiries or postings.

c) Disclosure
We may share information that we collect within the HBC group of affiliated companies, including future affiliates. In addition, we may disclose your personal information to third parties as follows:

with your express consent
for debt collection purposes
for loss and fraud prevention purposes
if required or permitted by law
in connection with a sale or potential sale of all or part of Hudson’s Bay Company’s business (in that event we will only disclose your personal information if we are satisfied that the other party will apply appropriate security safeguards to the personal information and return the personal information to us if the transaction does not proceed)
for optional marketing purposes (see below under “Collection, use and disclosure of your personal information - for optional purposes”)
From time to time, we may work with other organizations to offer and deliver goods and services to you on our behalf.

For example:

When you apply for a Hudson’s Bay Credit Card or a Hudson’s Bay MasterCard:

We will disclose your personal information to our co-venturer, Capital One, in order to determine your eligibility for a Hudson’s Bay Credit Card or a Hudson’s Bay MasterCard, and to administer your account. You should refer to the Capital One Privacy Statement for information about Capital One’s practices regarding your personal information. We will use your personal information to establish and administer your Hudson’s Bay Rewards account in connection with your Hudson’s Bay Credit Card or Hudson’s Bay MasterCard.

When you apply for insurance arranged for by Hudson’s Bay Financial Services:

The insurance products arranged for by Hudson’s Bay Financial Services are underwritten by third party insurance companies and service providers. Your insurance application submission constitutes your consent to disclose your personal information to such third parties to determine your eligibility for, and/or to provide you with the insurance product you applied for.

Service Providers:

We may disclose your personal information to third party service providers that perform services for us, such as delivery of goods and information processing. We require all such service providers to keep your information confidential and secure and to have privacy policies and security standards with respect to personal information that are comparable to ours.

Your personal information may be processed and stored in the United States (whether by us or by our service providers) and may be accessible to the United States government, courts or law enforcement or regulatory agencies through the laws of the United States.

d) Consent
Subject to any legal exceptions, we will inform you as to why we are collecting your personal information and with whom it will be shared, if applicable, and we will obtain your consent at or before the time of collection. Depending on the circumstances, such as the way personal information is collected and the type of personal information, your consent may be implied.

We will not unreasonably require your consent to the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information for purposes other than those for which the information is collected as a condition to providing you with a product or service.

You may refuse to provide or withdraw your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information at any time, unless legal reasons prevent you from doing so. However, if you refuse to provide or you withdraw your consent, we may be unable to provide you with certain goods and services.

If you would like to withdraw your consent, please contact the Hudson’s Bay Privacy Office.

COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION - FOR OPTIONAL PURPOSES
Hudson’s Bay may wish to use the personal information you provide to communicate with you for the purpose of offering you other products and services or allowing select organizations to offer you other products and services. These offers may be sent to you by mail, fax or electronically, including by email, text or sound messages, or by telephone by way of an Automatic Dialing Announcing Device at the telephone number you have provided to Hudson’s Bay.

The collection, use and disclosure of your personal information for such marketing purposes is entirely optional and not required as a condition of doing business with us. You may withdraw your consent at any time. Because of distribution schedules, you may continue to receive marketing communications for a short period of time while your request is processed. If you would like to withdraw your consent, please contact the Hudson’s Bay Privacy Office.

MAINTAINING AND SAFEGUARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Hudson’s Bay has adopted security measures appropriate to the sensitivity of the information to protect your personal information against unauthorized access, loss or theft.

Hudson’s Bay limits access to personal information in its possession to those Hudson’s Bay associates and sub-contractors who need to know such personal information to provide you with the goods and services for which the information was collected.

Hudson’s Bay limits access to personal information in its possession to those Hudson’s Bay associates and sub-contractors who need to know such personal information to provide you with the goods and services for which the information was collected.

ACCESSING AND ACCURACY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may request access to your personal information and an account of organizations to which such information has been disclosed. Hudson’s Bay will respond within 30 days of receiving such request. If we are unable to provide you with the information requested within that time, we will advise you and will respond to your request within an additional 30 days. We will need to verify your identity before providing you with the personal information we hold about you.

There is no cost for such request unless you require copies of records. Hudson’s Bay will advise you of the cost, if any, prior to copying those records.

There is no cost for such request unless you require copies of records. Hudson’s Bay will advise you of the cost, if any, prior to copying those records.

There is no cost for such request unless you require copies of records. Hudson’s Bay will advise you of the cost, if any, prior to copying those records.

VIDEO SURVEILLANCE
We conduct video surveillance at our stores for security, fraud and loss prevention purposes and for incident reporting purposes. We use the images and information from such videos only as required for such purposes and for certain operational purposes, such as to measure traffic patterns in our stores. We may provide data from such video surveillance to law enforcement officials.

HUDSON’S BAY PRIVACY OFFICE
To obtain a copy of the Hudson’s Bay Privacy Policy, request a correction or to review your personal information, withdraw your consent to the use of your personal information or to ask questions about privacy at Hudson’s Bay, contact the Hudson’s Bay Privacy Office at:

Privacy Office

Hudson’s Bay Legal

698 Lawrence Avenue West, 3rd Floor

Toronto, ON M6A 3A5

privacy@hbc.com

CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Our website will contain the most up-to-date version of this Privacy Policy; please review it periodically for changes.

Date of last update: November 20, 2013

WEBSITE PRIVACY INFORMATION
This website is owned and operated by Hudson's Bay Company in conjunction with its affiliates.

SECURITY
For security of transactions, we use the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol, which encrypts any information you send to us electronically. The encryption process protects your information by scrambling it before it is sent to us from your computer. Once the website receives your transmission, we make commercially reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our system. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.

UNLAWFUL ACTIVITIES
We may disclose personal information obtained through this website in order to co-operate with local, provincial, national and international authorities investigating improper or unlawful activities or to report improper or unlawful user activities on this website.

COOKIES
Your web browser places cookie files on your computer's hard drive. This website uses cookies to remember information you give us so that you don't have to re-enter the information each time you visit this website. Cookies also help us understand which areas of our site are popular by showing us how you and others use our site, in aggregate. For more information about cookies, including how to refuse them, please refer to our cookies page .

WEB BEACONS
This website also uses web beacons for many of the same purposes as cookies. Web beacons collect non-personally identifiable information to let us know how our website is being used. We use this information to improve user experience on this website.

INFORMATION YOU SEND TO THIS WEBSITE
Apart from information relating to shopping orders, HBC.com Membership or eNewsletters, we do not collect or wish to receive any information or other materials from you through this website that may be considered personal, confidential or proprietary. We will consider any such information and materials that you send to us to be non-confidential, and you will be deemed to have granted to Hudson’s Bay an irrevocable license and consent to use, copy, display, and distribute such information and materials for any purpose whatsoever.

Date of last update: November 20, 2013